docs/reference/opensourcesoftware.md, before:

# Open Source Software

The Vitistack consists of the following open-source software:

## Talos Linux
Container native operating system specially developed for cloud/container environments and container-based applications.

For more information see - https://github.com/siderolabs/talos 

## KubeVirt
KubeVirt is an open-source solution that enables virtual machines (VMs) to run side-by-side with containers in a Kubernetes cluster.

For more information see - https://github.com/kubevirt

## LibVirt
LibVirt is an open source library and toolkit for managing virtualization platforms, acting as an abstraction layer that enables control of different hypervisors and virtualization engines via a common API.

For more information see - https://github.com/libvirt/libvirt

## Ceph
Ceph is an open-source, distributed storage system for both block storage, object storage, and file systems.

For more information see - https://github.com/ceph/ceph

## Rook
Rook is an open-source, storage orchestrator for Kubernetes that makes it easy to set up, manage, and use distributed storage within Kubernetes clusters.

For more information see - https://github.com/rook/rook

## MetalLB
MetalLB is a load-balancer implementation for bare metal Kubernetes clusters, using standard routing protocols to expose the service outside the cluster.

For more information see - https://metallb.io

## cert-manager
cert-manager is a Kubernetes add-on that automates the management and issuance of TLS certificates, and to assign certificate to Admission Webhook components.

For more information see - https://cert-manager.io/

Commit message:

Added cilium to open source software reference

docs/reference/opensourcesoftware.md, after:

# Open Source Software

The Vitistack consists of the following open-source software:

## Talos Linux
Container native operating system specially developed for cloud/container environments and container-based applications.

For more information see - https://github.com/siderolabs/talos 

## KubeVirt
KubeVirt is an open-source solution that enables virtual machines (VMs) to run side-by-side with containers in a Kubernetes cluster.

For more information see - https://github.com/kubevirt

## LibVirt
LibVirt is an open source library and toolkit for managing virtualization platforms, acting as an abstraction layer that enables control of different hypervisors and virtualization engines via a common API.

For more information see - https://github.com/libvirt/libvirt

## Ceph
Ceph is an open-source, distributed storage system for both block storage, object storage, and file systems.

For more information see - https://github.com/ceph/ceph

## Rook
Rook is an open-source, storage orchestrator for Kubernetes that makes it easy to set up, manage, and use distributed storage within Kubernetes clusters.

For more information see - https://github.com/rook/rook

## Cilium
Cilium is a cloud-native networking and security solution for Kubernetes clusters, providing advanced network policies, load balancing, and observability using eBPF technology for high-performance packet processing.

For more information see - https://cilium.io

## MetalLB
MetalLB is a load-balancer implementation for bare metal Kubernetes clusters, using standard routing protocols to expose the service outside the cluster.

For more information see - https://metallb.io

## cert-manager
cert-manager is a Kubernetes add-on that automates the management and issuance of TLS certificates, and to assign certificate to Admission Webhook components.

For more information see - https://cert-manager.io/
